how's em from them to make tea and I'm
back with another LEGO Minecraft set
this time it's the cave this is at 2 1 1
1 3 it's recommended for ages 8 and up
and it's 249 pieces and it comes with
Steve a zombie getting a spider this one
is the smallest of the new LEGO
Minecraft sets thanks of years look at
the back you also get some TNT gold or
coal or iron ore and redstone or you can
also rearrange your set to build your
own creations okay so let's open this up
so you get bag 2 and bag 1 you also get
an instruction booklet in the Minecraft
sets these are called inspiration books
I don't think this should take too long
so let's get going
okay guys so here's the completed the
case and let's start off by showing you
guys the many fingers so of course we
have Steve this one has the iron pickaxe
other than that he's the same as the
Steve's I showed you before
he's got the purple pants in the blue
shirt and a cube head next up we get the
zombie you can also get the zombie in
the mine he's got the same clothes as
Steve except his skin is green but he's
only got eyes on the nose and last we
have the spider you can get this guy in
the mind too cuz you got eight legs all
which are movable and he's got a big
black abdomen in a red face it kind of
looks like he's singing and just like
it's better in the mine you could stick
a figure on him
itsy-bitsy spider start a web feed ah
now let's take a look at the cave okay
so here's look all the way around this
is a pretty cool compact set at 249
pieces it was a really quick build over
here we have some grass blocks or some
TNT and coal or there's also some iron
ore in there too we have two torches
here there's a little ladder leading up
to the top and there's a truck with some
bread in it we have some lava flowing
down the side and taking the water and
turning it into obsidian and on the back
you out the redstone or I like these
sets because you can take it apart and
reconfigure it any way you want
we also have a little bucket here where
you can but water or if you want to melt
your bucket you give it some lava now
okay guys so that was a quick look at
LEGO Minecraft in the king and teaching
without you have more sense to show you
guys can you guys next time bye
Oh
click here to see more LEGO Minecraft
and other cool Minecraft videos
you